README.md, before:

## About the project

This repository is used for the development of the http://helsinkiclimate.org website for the Helsinki Climate event related to the Ilmastoveivi2019 campaign. The purpose of the website is to work as a simple landing page for people to be able to subscribe for emails related to the event/campaign. You can read more about the campaign here: https://ilmastoveivi2019.fi/campaign.

## How to participate

The page uses Jekyll and is hosted by AWS S3. You can test the website locally on your computer by following the instructions on the Jekyll website: https://jekyllrb.com/

Instructions for Windows and MacOS:
- https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/windows/
- https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/macos/

You are welcome to participate in the development for example by contacting the campaign team.

## Deployment

Deployment is currently done manually with the s3_website tool: https://github.com/laurilehmijoki/s3_website. Currently only Gofore Crew members may obtain access to deploy, since the S3 bucket where the website is hosted is owned by Gofore Crew. To be able to deploy to S3, you require AWS credentials and acquired access keys for Gofore Crew. After acquiring them, you need to insert the keys in a file named `credentials` in `.aws`-folder located in your system user's home folder. The file content must be given in format:

```
[default]
aws_access_key_id = <YOUR_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID_HERE>
aws_secret_access_key = <YOUR_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY_HERE>
```

After saving the credentials-file, you should now be able to deploy to S3 with the CLI command: `s3_website push`.

## Contacts

- info@ilmastoveivi2019.fi
- https://twitter.com/Ilmastoveivi19
- https://www.facebook.com/ilmastoveivi2019
- https://www.instagram.com/ilmastoveivi2019/

## License

Graphics and images of the campaign are copyright of Luka Appelberg. Blog posts are copyright of their authors. Logos and other images of the participating organizations are copyright of the respective organizations. 

The source code can be used according to the MIT license below:

Copyright 2019 Ilmastoveivaajat ry. 

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Update README.md with Heroku section

README.md, after:

## About the project

This repository is used for the development of the http://helsinkiclimate.org website for the Helsinki Climate event related to the Ilmastoveivi2019 campaign. The purpose of the website is to work as a simple landing page for people to be able to subscribe for emails related to the event/campaign. You can read more about the campaign here: https://ilmastoveivi2019.fi/campaign.

## How to participate

The page uses Jekyll and is hosted by AWS S3. You can test the website locally on your computer by following the instructions on the Jekyll website: https://jekyllrb.com/

Instructions for Windows and MacOS:
- https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/windows/
- https://jekyllrb.com/docs/installation/macos/

You are welcome to participate in the development for example by contacting the campaign team.

## Deployment

### Deployment to production environment

Deployment is currently done manually with the s3_website tool: https://github.com/laurilehmijoki/s3_website. Currently only Gofore Crew members may obtain access to deploy, since the S3 bucket where the website is hosted is owned by Gofore Crew. To be able to deploy to S3, you require AWS credentials and acquired access keys for Gofore Crew. After acquiring them, you need to insert the keys in a file named `credentials` in `.aws`-folder located in your system user's home folder. The file content must be given in format:

```
[default]
aws_access_key_id = <YOUR_AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID_HERE>
aws_secret_access_key = <YOUR_AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY_HERE>
```

After saving the credentials-file, you should now be able to deploy to S3 with the CLI command: `s3_website push`.

### Deployment to staging environment

A separate staging environment is hosted by Heroku: https://www.heroku.com/. Generally this environment should be used to test and review new changes before deploying them to production, if possible. To be able to deploy to Heroku, you need to register a Heroku account. After that you can request access to the Heroku repository from the development team. When deploying via terminal with Git, you are also required to install Heroku CLI: https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-cli

After receiving access to Heroku and installing the Heroku CLI, you should now be able to deploy changes to the Heroku repository:

1. Start with logging into Heroku CLI with command `heroku login`.
2. Add the Heroku Git remote with `heroku git:remote -a <HEROKU_REPOSITORY_NAME>`.
3. Verify that the Heroku remote was set correctly: `git remote -v`, it should show two heroku remotes (one for fetch and one for push) and two origin remotes for the Git repository.
4. To deploy the latest commits from a specific Git branch, run `git push heroku <GIT_BRANCH_NAME>:master`. If you wish to deploy the current master branch, you may run `git push heroku master`. Note that the deployment is always based on Git commits, so you need to create commits to deploy your latest changes.

Additionally, sometimes you may need to restart the server to see new changes. For that you need to use command `heroku ps:scale web=1`.

For monitoring the Heroku logs, use `heroku logs --tail`.

## Contacts

- info@ilmastoveivi2019.fi
- https://twitter.com/Ilmastoveivi19
- https://www.facebook.com/ilmastoveivi2019
- https://www.instagram.com/ilmastoveivi2019/

## License

Graphics and images of the campaign are copyright of Luka Appelberg. Blog posts are copyright of their authors. Logos and other images of the participating organizations are copyright of the respective organizations. 

The source code can be used according to the MIT license below:

Copyright 2019 Ilmastoveivaajat ry. 

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
